\documentclass{article}
\usepackage{graphicx}

\begin{document}

\title{Cookie Injection but with Real Cookies}
\author{Jake Vossen, Fisher Darling}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
  
\textit{Cookie Injection but with Real Cookies} is a
game designed to teach the basics of web explotation to 3rd through
6th grades through the analogy of actual cookies. The game is broken
down into several \textbf{stages}, each teaching a important lesson in
cybersecurity. While primarily cookie-based vulnerabilities are
explored, MITM attacks, encryption, SQL/templete injection and other
security explotations. At each stage, the player must bake a cookie
that is pleasing to the \textbf{cookie monster}. In this senario, the
player repersents a computer client, while the cookie monster plays
the role an authentication server. Upon propper presentation of a
cookie, the player can move on to the next stage. Additionally, at
every stage, there is a link to real world examples and applicable
additional information.

\end{abstract}

\section{Stages}

Each stage has an \textbf{learning objective}, which is the goal that
the level is trying to teach. The objective is cybersecurity concept /
idea that the player should obtain after completing the level.

Additionally, each stage has a \textbf{learning significance},
explaining why the concept taught is important in the world of security.

\subsection{Stage 1: Introduciton}

Stage one is the most basic of stages. The player simply goes up to
the cookie monster, who then diplays a messeage requesting a chocolate
chip cookie. The player has to go to the oven and make a simple
chocolate chip cookie, which he can give to the cookie monster to pass
through the stage.

\subsubsection{Learning Objective}

\begin{itemize}

  \item Introduce the player to the dialog, controls, and playstyle of
the game
  \item Provide an example of a successful stage
  \item Provide an example of a situation where you are sucessfully
loging into a website with no web exploitation used.

\end{itemize}

\end{document}